docs: point to `logLevelRemap` for `minimumReleaseAgeBehaviour=timestamp-optional` warnings (#45498)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/minimum-release-age.md

- [`minimumReleaseAgeBehaviour`](../configuration-options.md#minimumreleaseagebehaviour)
- [`internalChecksFilter`](../configuration-options.md#internalchecksfilter)

> ### timestamp-optional warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `timestamp-optional` warning
```

or

```suggestion
### `minimumReleaseAgeBehaviour=timestamp-optional` warning
```

> When `minimumReleaseAgeBehaviour` is set to `timestamp-optional`, renovate will log a warning, which is then also shown on the Dependency Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Renovate runs in `minimumReleaseAgeBehaviour=timestamp-optional`, Renovate will log a warning, which is then also shown on the Dependency Dashboard.
```

This warning serves to inform users about at least one dependency not being able to adhere to the minimum release age due to the configuration.

> In cases where this is not desired, you can remap the warning to a lower log level with `logLevelRemap`:

Reviewer: Let's link through to this:

```suggestion
In cases where this is not desired, you can remap the warning to a lower log level with [`logLevelRemap`](../configuration-options.md#loglevelremap):
```

(It's either `../config...` or `./config...`)
